I'm attacked from nothing
No one has been completely surprised
warning nothing
I did not expect that
Have a nice evening in the restaurant and
wanted a bit more stable
and completely
it was supposed to have parades in conversation
we separated so a bit bit
and I was so much preferred
a bit retarded
That's why I was in the moment because he was
alone the team on
are you looking like that?
to process that and with the whole
situation to get along since I 'm real
long for used has a lot of time
needed and it was also a heavy one
Time
So what really helped me was the
whole story was to process that
I found the sport school cologne
and start training there
So luta livre is Brazilian
wrestling
my name is andreas schmidt i am
graduate sports scientist and lead
the sports school kwak
if you are facing violent situations
First of all , you have to protect
First, train the perception
you have to have the ability
to perceive which situations
are dangerous for me
where do I have to take special care what can
I possibly do
the next step would actually be
then the scan that you really tried
find out what options have
I withdraw from the situation
how can i get help how can i
which items i can maybe
use what can be of use to me here
how can I sit the local what
always the last step and
of course, the step of why once
the most self-confidence exists
of course if you can fight and yourself
can defend and at the moment where
Of course, you master that and under
trained in the appropriate conditions
then you can safely
be that this automated movement
at the right moment too
So the training is off with me
Does that really please me ?
even I know what I can do
which abilities I did not trust
me more and I can do better
assess who is dangerous and
which situations are dangerous and
when I have to take care and a little
when i stay relaxed too
So it does not matter in every situation
where I am where I can always situations
evaluate very well and for me one
self confident
which of course also contributes to this
is that we supplement on functional
doing fitness training is just that
helps the whole posture that makes
straighten your back and thereby warm you
sometimes know his body differently and know
knows every muscle and medicine then
function
that is for the whole appearance
again different if you just
feels better and more active you stop
feeling if you can be more active and
the joints do not hurt and you feel
just cool and confident
then you shine out
toxic barrel perfectly supplements
capable and skilled for fighting
through this functional fitness training
the body is erected that is
the attitude with knife and clear itself
the self- confidence will strengthen that
I also strengthened by that
of course, gets more power
I already need cologne want her
I 've got a little bit foal
I 've been around a bit and
trying to get something out over
self-defense and become what if he
good is who knows and then
the sport shoes cologne were recommended
if you are here in the sport school cologne
you can do a rehearsal training
Just let me know
and can just join in
So I just want to go there
on the phone want to say nice woman come
over and i was media i was real
nervous
It was all new and then I came in
welcomed directly and the friendly
was his panic felt well
and dirt and not first
to watch but carry was with it
everyone was super happy to hear it was
really cool
I have been training for two years now
sportschule can in under prefer
and it has a positive overall
had an influence on my life
So, of course, I got it
have decreased
I just feel more confident
and not only in situations in
physical situation with violence
but also people are approaching new ones
to address people of strangers
somehow contact them
that's a lot easier for me today than
two years ago